Hi, my name is Wojciech Lesniak,
and welcome to this module on Layering Authorization with Spring Security.
Spring Security allows you to configure authorization
at many layers from your JSP page, the URL,
your methods, and the instances of your domain objects.
In this module,
we will take a look under the hood of Spring Security authorization,
at the moving parts,
and you will learn the power of Spring expressions to
tailor authorization to your specific needs,
how to secure your URLs, pre and post authorize,
and filter method annotation using
ExpressionEvaluator and hasPermission expressions,
how to configure Spring's access control list,
Spring's implementation of the ExpressionEvaluator
to secure your domain objects.
By the end of this module,
you will learn how to tailor authorization in your applications to meet your security requirements using Spring Security.